Update README.md (#295)
ls1mardyn/ls1-mardyn: README.md

Installation (make)
------------

### Installing ls1-MarDyn using cmake
This is the recommended way of building ls1-MarDyn.

#### Configuration
To build ls1-MarDyn using cmake first create an additional directory on the root ls1-MarDyn directory and change into that directory.
```bash
mkdir build
cd build
```
Next, `cmake` has to be executed. In most cases, you will have to specify the compiler with which ls1-MarDyn should be built:
```bash
CC=clang CXX=clang++ cmake ..
```
Some of the most common compilers are
| Compiler      | CC    | CXX     |
|---------------|-------|---------|
| GCC           | `gcc`   | `g++`     |
| Intel Classic | `icc`   | `icpc`    |
| Intel oneAPI  | `icx`   | `icpx`    |
| Clang         | `clang` | `clang++` |

> Specifying the compiler is only possible at the first execution of cmake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying the compiler this way is only possible at the first execution of cmake.
```
It is possible to change it afterwards but you have to know what to delete so starting over is easier.

If you want to change the compiler later on, either add another build directory, or first clear the existing build directory.

To configure the options within ls1-MarDyn it is recommended to use `ccmake`:
```bash
ccmake .
```
That way you can easily edit the available options.

Alternatively, specify the configuration with use of the `cmake` command:
```bash
CC=clang CXX=clang++ cmake -DENABLE_MPI=ON ..
```

Finally, build ls1-MarDyn using:
```bash
make
```

> For a parallel and faster build, use `make`'s `-j` parameter with an appropriate number of tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a faster build, you can make use of parallel building:
```bash
make -j $(nproc)
```
```

Not sure how to write a suggestion with a code block but I think you get the idea :D

Installation (make)
------------

### Installing ls1-MarDyn using cmake
This is the recommended way of building ls1-MarDyn.

#### Configuration
To build ls1-MarDyn using cmake first create an additional directory on the root ls1-MarDyn directory and change into that directory.
```bash
mkdir build
cd build
```
Next, `cmake` has to be executed. In most cases, you will have to specify the compiler with which ls1-MarDyn should be built:
```bash
CC=clang CXX=clang++ cmake ..
```
Some of the most common compilers are
| Compiler      | CC    | CXX     |
|---------------|-------|---------|
| GCC           | `gcc`   | `g++`     |

> | Intel Classic | `icc`   | `icpc`    |

Reviewer: I'd rather throw this one out because it can't compile AutoPas due to "internal compiler errors".

Author: I have added a "Quick guide" to be more focused on one way and to provide a fast instruction. However, I would keep the detailed instructions and the different options for the "interested reader". Furthermore, trying different compilers can speed-up the code at almost no cost.

Reviewer 2: One thing we can consider is to create a wiki page with the detailed instructions, and keep the readme concise. Then we could add even more build instructions in the wiki page without worry, such as for fugaku, hawk etc.

Author: In general, this is a good idea!
I personally, don't like the doxygen wiki much (maybe due to my lack of knowledge):
- Why is the main page the "Droplet Coalescence" example?
- Where is the "Visualization with MegaMol" page? I don't really get, how the .dox files are connected to the Doxygen pages. [This pages list](https://ls1mardyn.github.io/ls1-mardyn/pages.html) does not seem to be complete.

Author: PS: It's kind of funny (or sad) to see the [todo page](https://ls1mardyn.github.io/ls1-mardyn/todo.html) nobody cares about 😆

Reviewer: This page is automatically generated by code comments. But yes, the most important stuff should be handled via GitHub issues.

| Intel oneAPI  | `icx`   | `icpx`    |
| Clang         | `clang` | `clang++` |

Specifying the compiler this way is only possible at the first execution of cmake.
If you want to change the compiler later on, either add another build directory, or first clear the existing build directory.

To configure the options within ls1-MarDyn it is recommended to use `ccmake`:
```bash

> ccmake .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ccmake ..
```
Doesn't really make a difference for REconfiguring but if you run it the first time only the version with `..` works and I'd avoid the ambiguity.

Author: Good point

```
That way you can easily edit the available options.

Alternatively, specify the configuration with use of the `cmake` command:
```bash
CC=clang CXX=clang++ cmake -DENABLE_MPI=ON ..
```

Finally, build ls1-MarDyn using:
```bash
make
```

For a faster build, you can make use of parallel building:
```bash
make -j $(nproc)
```

The executable is then found at `build/src/MarDyn`.

> ### Installing ls1-MarDyn using make

Reviewer: we should mention that this is only legacy and discouraged.

Author: Are all of those platform-specific information still up-to-date?
Is anybody still using the [CRAY](https://github.com/ls1mardyn/ls1-mardyn/blob/master/makefile/cfg/cray-xt-cray.in) or [NEC](https://github.com/ls1mardyn/ls1-mardyn/blob/master/makefile/cfg/nec-sx-ace.in) compilers?

Reviewer: > Is the cmake build system polished enough to become the default?

Is there anyone still using the Makefiles?

Yes, I agree we never did a full check if all features are available via CMake but I think everything people currently use is.

Author: To do a full check of all features, we could open a new issue and brainstorm and collect all features available via the Makefile. This could also be a kind of (good) documentation of the CMake/Makefile features. I think, there is no overview yet, isn't it?

Author: I have created issue #299 regarding the comparison between Makefile and CMake. This PR just switches the position of the CMake and Makefile build instructions, since CMake is "[recommended](https://github.com/ls1mardyn/ls1-mardyn/blob/5bf6608178a8df38fe4db37c0614d972dbd4e97e/README.md?plain=1#L56)". I haven't added this clause.
